# Discussion

The physiology of insect OSNs is well explained by many biochemical and functional studies \cite{de_Bruyne_2008}. However, the understanding of molecular biology in terms of protein-protein interactions has been relatively weak. Since the discovery of the insect ORs, not a single binding partner of the OR family (including Orco) has been proven by classic protein binding analysis tools, except the homo- and hetero-multimerization among themselves \cite{Benton_2006}. To facilitate uncovering the molecular mechanisms of the insect OR family, we chose Orco to perform a protein-protein interaction analysis in adult Drosophila using IP-MS coupled with in vivo electrophysiology. The native tissue lysate was used to generate a list of putative Orco-binding proteins and 29 proteins from the list were knocked down in vivo for the verification of their functional defects.

Extracting and isolating proteins from adult sensory organs in Drosophila have been difficult due to the major tissues being enclosed in exoskeletal microstructures. Soluble proteins from the antenna have been published \cite{Anholt_2009}, but membrane proteins have been rarely solubilized \cite{Ai_2013}. We have suggested one way to deal with the issue by adopting widely used techniques from various fields. The original idea to apply ‘bullet' homogenization to tissues came from the protein preparation of Arabidopsis seeds (?), in realization that the structure is somewhat analogous to the Drosophila antenna in a way that both are small, round, and having soft tissues in rigid covering. Overcoming the solubilization issue was achieved serendipitously and made the use of DDM, one of the best mass spectrometry-compatible detergent, possible. On-bead digestion of DDM-solubilized samples, a successful use of the nanobody-crosslinked beads (ChromoTek), assured the best number of prey proteins to be identified. MS에 대한것도 써... Lastly, Single-sensillum recording \cite{de_Bruyne_2001}, a common technique used in insect olfaction field, validated the in vitro dataset in vivo.

Note that we used an aggressive tissue grinding tool in order to release the dendritic tissues from tough, slender structure by exerting intensive mechanical stress. Consequential outcome was likely a re-assembly of potential interaction partners with partially preserved protein complexes. Strong interactions could have been preserved and interactions with abundant proteins have been readily restored, but we did not expect weak interactions, conditional binding, or trace effectors in our data. Also, consider that the prey proteins were prepped from flies rescuing Orco with EGFP-tagged Orco overexpression, which does not portray the wild-type tissue environment. Although the EGFP::Orco have been confirmed functional in vivo \cite{Benton_2006}, GAL4-UAS overexpression (?) may have altered the protein pool in the cell. Besides, since the control and the experimental fly lines had unequal bait protein expression levels in vivo, thus even with the application of excess total protein for IP binding, it is careful to make use of the quantitative values in the IP-MS protein list. Yet, the fact that all results in our dataset originates from the native tissue environment can provide a brand-new perspective in the field.

An unexpected part of the IP-MS outcome was that either high control-to-experimental iBAQ ratio or high control-to-experimental MS/MS ratio proteins were substantially mitochondrial. One possible reason can be that the tissue sieving resulted in the enrichment of small structures with a lot of muscles, like the tarsal segments, and the abundance of mitochondria in such tissues could have been reflected in the pool of prey proteins. Another possibility is the physical association of mitochondria with the endomembrane system, the mitochondria-associated membranes (MAMs) \cite{van_Vliet_2014}. MAMs are known to regulate lipid synthesis and intracellular calcium signaling. Importantly, the roles of mitochondria in calcium-mediated responses in mouse OSNs have been described \cite{Fluegge_2012}. Regarding the functions of Orco (membrane protein trafficking and OSN signal generation), its interactions with various mitochondrial proteins seem logical. If this speculation is towards the right direction, fascinating discoveries are ahead of insect olfaction biology.

It was also unexpected to see only two ORs, Or92a in ab1B (antennal basiconic 1 B neuron) \cite{Couto_2005} and Or67c in ab7B (antennal basiconic 7 B neuron) \cite{Couto_2005} in the IP-MS raw data. The Or92a expression pattern has been published in multiple papers \cite{Couto_2005} \cite{Jafari_2012} showing that the antenna houses a lot of Or92a-positive cells. The amount of Or92a makes the occurance of the receptor reasonable, considering our IP environment where myriad of proteins compete for re-assembling with the bait protein. On the other hand, the reason for Or67c appearance is less confident because its expression has not been visualized and we know that the number of ab7 is not a lot \cite{de_Bruyne_2001}. Nevertheless, considering the fact that ORs are not overexpressed in the fly lines used, the result makes sense overall. We expect the outcome will be different if the in vivo interactions have been frozen with crosslinking.

Four odorant binding proteins (OBPs) \cite{Leal_2013} (Obp19d, Obp51a, Obp99b, and Obp99c) showed up in the IP-MS raw data. A representative example of an OBP is LUSH that has been shown to deliver pheromone molecules across the sensillum lymph to activate Or67d, a pheromone receptor \cite{Laughlin_2008}. As OBPs did not get in the range for SSR verification, we did not test them for biological significance. Several possible odorant degrading enzymes (ODEs) \cite{Younus_2014} were detected. Among the candidates, three putative cytochrome P450 proteins (Cyp28a5, Cyp6a8, and Cyp6a23) were tested with SSR and found to evoke no significant changes in OSN activities.

Several G protein alpha subunits appeared in the IP-MS data. This is the first time providing the direct protein-protein interactions of G proteins with Orco. The involvement of metabotropic mechanisms in the insect olfactory signaling have been suggested many times over the years \cite{Gomez_Diaz_2004} \cite{Wicher_2008} \cite{Kain_2008}, but its role in the immediate odor-evoked activities seemed unlikely \cite{Sato_2008} \cite{Yao_2010}. Interpretations of accumulating data have converged onto a theory that the OR-stimulated Orco activities are regulated by G protein signaling \cite{Sargsyan_2011} \cite{Getahun_2013} \cite{Ignatious_Raja_2014} \cite{Getahun_2016}. Interesting details about the regulatory mechanisms will be explained with more in vivo and in vitro examinations.

Note that live-animal SSR displays the net outcome of any defects in the anatomy and physiology of Orco. Since the tissue lysate was containing both extra- and intra-cellular proteins, extracellular binding partners should be considered. Even if it is rational to assume most proteins bind Orco inside the cell, it is hard to know whether the protein mediates expression, post-translational modifications, localization, upstream or downstream pathways, regulations of signalings, etc. Still, we can narrow down the effector range by looking at the kind of SSR signals being affected. If the decrease is only in the odor-evoked activities, the changes are unlikely caused by either expression or localization issues. Six out of eight positive results showed this phenotype (Fig. 3). On the other hand, the decreases in both the odor-evoked activities and the spontaneous activity imply that problems may originate from unnatural expression or localization. Two proteins (vir-1 and Rab5) showed decrease in OSN spontaneous activity in addition to the odor-evoked activities (Fig. 3 and 4). Especially, Rab5 knockdown resulted in near abolishment of SSR signals. The rab family proteins work in various steps of intracellular membrane transport and Rab5 is known to mediate early endosome motility and clathrin-coated vesicle fusion with the plasma membrane \cite{Zerial_2001}. Infering from the functions of Rab5 and the phenotype of the Rab5-knockdown flies, we predict Orco mislocalization upon Rab5 dysfunction. In the case of vir-1, just like Orco, no orthologs are found in other animals other than insects (FlyBase version FB2016_04, released July 28, 2016). The gene has been first characterized for its fly-specific transcriptional expression upon viral infection \cite{Dostert_2005}. It would be very interesting to investigate why a virus-induced product binds Orco and possibly control its expression or localization.

Since we only checked responses from ab2A neurons, more information can be obtained if other neurons are examined. Also, if the RNAi flies were aged for a few more days, phenotypes may appear more obviously for more proteins.

Our method and dataset have a huge potential to spawn many future studies. To put the emphasis on speed and discovery, we only verified the the IP-MS result with live-animal SSR. Since SSR only discriminates the binding partners exerting effects on action potentials, other tools may be able to reveal the unexamined roles of the proteins in our dataset. We anticipate our method to facilitate further studies of the molecular mechanisms of Orco and to be applied to the protein-protein interaction analyses of other insect 7-TM receptors.