# Discussion: The main text (not including Abstract, Methods, References and figure legends) [meaning intro + results + discussion] should be no more than 4,500 words. The main text of an Article can be organised in different ways and according to the authors' preferences, it may be appropriate to combine sections.

The physiology of insect OSNs is well explained by many biochemical and functional studies \cite{}. However, the understanding of molecular biology in terms of protein-protein interactions has been relatively weak. Since the discovery of the insect ORs, not a single binding partner of the OR family (including Orco) has been proven by classic protein binding analysis tools, except the homo- and hetero-multimerization among themselves \cite{Benton_2006}. To facilitate uncovering the molecular mechanisms of the insect OR family, we chose Orco to perform a protein-protein interaction analysis in adult Drosophila using IP-MS coupled with in vivo electrophysiology. The native tissue lysate was used to generate a list of putative Orco-binding proteins and 29 proteins from the list were knocked down in vivo for the verification of their functional defects.

Extracting and isolating proteins from adult sensory organs in Drosophila have been difficult due to the major tissues being enclosed in exoskeletal microstructures. Soluble proteins from the antenna have been published \cite{Anholt_2009}, but membrane proteins have been rarely solubilized \cite{Ai_2013}. We have suggested one way to deal with the issue by adopting widely used techniques from various fields. The original idea to apply ‘bullet' homogenization to tissues came from the protein preparation of Arabidopsis seeds (?), in realization that the structure is somewhat analogous to the Drosophila antenna in a way that both are small, round, and having soft tissues in rigid covering. Overcoming the solubilization issue was achieved serendipitously and made the use of DDM, one of the best mass spectrometry-compatible detergent, possible. On-bead digestion of DDM-solubilized samples, a successful use of the nanobody-crosslinked beads (ChromoTek), assured the best number of prey proteins to be identified. MS에 대한것도 써... Lastly, Single-sensillum recording \cite{de_Bruyne_2001}, a common technique used in insect olfaction field, validated the in vitro dataset in vivo.

Note that we used an aggressive tissue grinding tool in order to release the dendritic tissues from tough, slender structure by exerting intensive mechanical stress. Consequential outcome was likely a re-assembly of potential interaction partners with partially preserved protein complexes. Strong interactions could have been preserved, but we did not expect weak interactions, conditional binding, or trace effectors in our data. Also, consider that the prey proteins were prepped from flies rescuing Orco with EGFP-tagged Orco overexpression, which does not portray the wild-type tissue environment. Although the EGFP::Orco have been confirmed functional in vivo \cite{Benton_2006}, GAL4-UAS overexpression (?) may have altered the protein pool in the cell. Besides, since the control and the experimental fly lines had unequal bait protein expression levels in vivo, thus even with the application of excess total protein for IP binding, it is careful to make use of the quantitative values in the IP-MS protein list. Yet, the fact that all results in our dataset originates from the native tissue environment can provide a brand-new perspective in the field.

Orco is predicted 54.4 kDa with its theoretical pI at 8.65 (FlyBase version FB2016_04, released July 28, 2016). EGFP-tagged Orco is expected to run at around 88 kDa on sodium dodecyl sulfate-polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis (SDS-PAGE) but all our western blotting consistently showed the protein detected at near 60 kDa (Suppl). Another finding related to Orco mobility shift on PAGE is the EGFP::Orco band approaching its expected size (75-80 kDa) after acid elution, constrasting to the band obtained after urea or thermal elution (near 60 kDa) (Suppl). We assume that this acceleration of PAGE mobility partially results from a combinatory effect of inadequate protein denaturation from un-boiled samples (See methods and Suppl) and multiple phosphorylation (Wicher) that adds negative charges to the protein moiety. Since this was an observation unrelated to the main topic, we have not expanded our focus to this matter. Further biochemical examinations may reveal interesting characteristics about the molecule.

It was unexpected to see only two ORs, Or92a in ab1B (antennal basiconic 1 B neuron) \cite{Couto_2005} and Or67c in ab7B (antennal basiconic 7 B neuron) \cite{Couto_2005} in the IP-MS raw data. The Or92a expression pattern has been published in multiple papers \cite{Couto_2005} \cite{Jafari_2012} showing that the antenna houses a lot of Or92a-positive cells. The amount of Or92a makes the occurance of the receptor reasonable, considering our IP environment where myriad of proteins compete for re-assembling with the bait protein. On the other hand, the explanation for Or67c is less confident because its expression has not been visualized and we know that the number of ab7 is not a lot \cite{de_Bruyne_2001}. Nevertheless, considering the fact that ORs are not overexpressed in the fly lines used, the result makes sense overall. We expect the outcome will be different if the in vivo interactions have been frozen with crosslinking.

Another unexpected part of the IP-MS outcome was that either high control-to-experimental iBAQ ratio or high control-to-experimental MS/MS ratio proteins were substantially mitochondrial. One possible reason can be that the tissue sieving resulted in the enrichment of small structures with a lot of muscles, like the tarsal segments, and the abundance of mitochondria in such tissues could have been reflected in the pool of prey proteins. Another possibility is the physical association of mitochondria with the endomembrane system, the mitochondria-associated membranes (MAMs) \cite{van_Vliet_2014}. MAMs are known to regulate lipid synthesis and intracellular calcium signaling. Importantly, the roles of mitochondria in calcium-mediated responses in mouse OSNs have been described \cite{Fluegge_2012}. Regarding the functions of Orco (membrane protein trafficking and OSN signal generation), its interactions with various mitochondrial proteins seem logical. If this speculation is towards the right direction, fascinating discoveries are ahead of insect olfaction biology.

Proteins from the IP-MS raw data for electrophysiological verification were picked out with high stringency. Primary selection was made with the control to experimental iBAQ ratios of proteins, where proteins less than 10 in this value were ignored. We avoided utilizing iBAQ values beyond this purpose because, as mentioned above, the in vivo expression levels of fly lines were not optimized. The resulting list contained 207 proteins, where two proteins with MS/MS value 1 were left out, and we decided to narrow down the range for electrophysiological verification according to the MS/MS value ranks. This way we were able to rank Orco at the top and GFP-like peptide (presumably the anti-GFP nanobody from the beads) right next. Although MS/MS values may not reflect the accurate quantification of in vivo interactions, we thought it is useful for setting the range for the next step.

Note that live-animal SSR displays the net outcome of any defects in the anatomy and physiology of Orco. Since the tissue lysate was containing both extra- and intra-cellular proteins, extracellular binding partners should be considered. Even if it is rational to assume most proteins bind Orco inside the cell, it is hard to know whether the protein mediates expression, post-translational modifications, localization, upstream or downstream pathways, regulations of signalings, etc. Still, we can narrow down the effector range by looking at the kind of SSR signals being affected. If the decrease is only in the odor-evoked activities, the changes are unlikely caused by either expression or localization issues. Six out of eight positive results showed this phenotype. On the other hand, the decreases in both the odor-evoked activities and the spontaneous activity imply that problems may originate from unnatural expression or localization of Orco. Two proteins (vir-1 and Rab5) showed decrease in OSN spontaneous activity in addition to the odor-evoked activities. Especially, Rab5 knockdown resulted in near abolishment of SSR signals. The rab family proteins work in various steps of intracellular membrane transport and Rab5 is known to mediate early endosome motility and clathrin-coated vesicle fusion with the plasma membrane \cite{Zerial_2001}. Infering from the functions of Rab5 and the phenotype of the Rab5-knockdown flies, we predict Orco mislocalization upon Rab5 dysfunction. In the case of vir-1, just like Orco, no orthologs are found in other animals other than insects (FlyBase version FB2016_04, released July 28, 2016). The gene has been first characterized for its fly-specific transcriptional expression upon viral infection \cite{Dostert_2005}. It would be very interesting to find why a virus-induced product binds Orco and possibly control its expression or localization.

Our method and dataset have a huge potential to spawn many future studies. To put the emphasis on speed and discovery, we only verified the the IP-MS result with live-animal SSR. Since SSR only discriminates the binding partners exerting effects on action potentials, other tools may be able to reveal the detailed or unexamined roles of the proteins in our dataset. We anticipate our method to facilitate further studies of the molecular mechanisms of Orco and to be applied to the protein-protein interaction analyses of other insect 7-TM receptors.