# Introduction: The main text (not including Abstract, Methods, References and figure legends) [meaning intro + results + discussion] should be no more than 4,500 words. The main text of an Article can be organised in different ways and according to the authors' preferences, it may be appropriate to combine sections.

Olfaction is an elaborate chemosensory processing that animals use to perceive the information in the medium. Unlike vision and audition, where only a handful sorts of cells are involved in stimulus recognition, olfaction necessitates tens and thousands of different cells for the stimulus complexity. Distinct olfactory systems have emerged to benefit diverse lifestyles of animals, where there are overlapping and deviating features between systems. The most impressive commonality among well-studied olfactory systems is the G protein-mediated signal transduction of ORs \cite{Ache_2005}. Since the first discovery in mammals \cite{Buck_1991}, OR genes in other organisms have been screened for seven-transmembrane domain (7TM) protein structure, where vertebrate and nematode OR repertoires were successfully identified and characterized as GPCRs \cite{Nei_2008} \cite{Kaupp_2010}. However, the encounter with the insect OR family did not happen as expected.

The studies of insect olfaction mushroomed since the discovery of the insect olfactory receptors (ORs) for low-expression transcripts in 1999 \cite{Vosshall_1999} \cite{Clyne_1999} \cite{Gao_1999}. Genetic studies of the ORs have found that the insect OR family in Drosophila melanogaster contains 60 genes encoding 62 proteins (two genes undergo alternative splicing) \cite{Robertson_2003} of which 20 are larval, 44 are in adult, and around 10 expressed in both \cite{Couto_2005}. Biochemical studies have discovered a striking attribute of the insect OR family confirming an inverted-GPCR topology of the proteins \cite{Benton_2006} \cite{Lundin_2007} \cite{Smart_2008}, introducing an unusual group to the 7TM receptor pool. Later, functional studies have revealed that the insect ORs are ligand-gated ion channels \cite{Sato_2008} \cite{Wicher_2008}, with an on-going exploration about the role of metabotropism.

Of all the evidence describing the insect olfactory system, the most noteworthy feature is the existence of a universal co-receptor that is highly concerved among insects and not found in other animals. This insect olfactory receptor co-receptor, initially named Or83b and later re-named Orco \cite{2000}, belongs to the insect OR family. After the first characterization of Orco as a distinct member of the OR family in 2004 \cite{Larsson_2004}, this mysterious protein gained an enormous attention uncovering its roles in trafficking ORs to the dendritic membranes of OSNs \cite{Larsson_2004}, homodimerizing and heteromultimerizing \cite{Neuhaus_2004} \cite{Benton_2006} \cite{Mukunda_2014a}, maintaining the spontaneous activities of OSNs \cite{Larsson_2004}, enhancing OR functionality \cite{Neuhaus_2004} \cite{Nakagawa_2005}, and affecting olfaction-driven behavior \cite{Larsson_2004}. Meanwhile, disunifying perspectives decribed Orco as a subunit in the OR-Orco channel complex \cite{Benton_2006} \cite{Nakagawa_2012} \cite{Hopf_2015} or as a multi-function molecule being both ionotropic and a metabotropic receptor \cite{Wicher_2008} \cite{Kain_2008} \cite{Getahun_2013} \cite{Ignatious_Raja_2014} \cite{Miazzi_2016} \cite{Getahun_2016}.

Insect OSNs seem to form unique cellular environment as they strictly localize ORs on the dendritic membranes for their proper functioning. This localization happens with the aid of Orco, where in Orco mutants ORs are not trafficked to the dendrites and OSNs show no electrophysiological signal \cite{Larsson_2004} \cite{Benton_2006} \cite{Bahk_2016}. An average OSN expresses an OR and Orco, and the characteristics of the OR determines the identity of the OSN. Two to four OSN dendrites are housed in a sensillum, a porous microcylinder spread on the surface of the olfactory organs, the antennae and the maxillary palps. When electric signals are measured in the extracellular sensillum lymph in a live animal, activities of different OSNs can be distinguished by their characteristic amplitudes and responses to specific odorants. This measurement technique for electrophysiological signals is called the single-sensillum recording (SSR) (de Bruyne, 1999 **No DOI**) \cite{de_Bruyne_2001} and is essentially recording the action potentials of OSNs.

Despite the necessity, up to date, there has been no report on any insect OR family protein-binding proteins (except ones within the family). Physiological evidence have hinted possible binding partners \cite{Xu_2005} \cite{Li_2014} \cite{Ha_2014} \cite{Liu_2014} \cite{Halty_deLeon_2016}, but none has been proven by protein-protein interaction analysis tools. To widen our knowledge on the molecular mechanisms of insect ORs, we designed a multidisciplinary method combining a standard bioanalytical technique with a functional neurobiology tool. The method is a two-step arrangement involving immunoprecipitation-mass spectrometry (IP-MS) and live-animal SSR, intended to facilitate rapid discoveries of novel binding partners from adult olfactory tissues. Orco, for its prominence and global expression throughout OSNs, was chosen for this study. We observed changes of OSN activities upon the effect of RNAi on several putative Orco-binding proteins. We anticipate that our results can bring about new perspectives on the molecular mechanisms of insect olfaction.