    Although forms vary, olfactory systems share a common theme; olfaction begins when odorants stimulate odorant receptors (ORs). Generally, ORs are on the dendritic membranes of the olfactory sensory neurons (OSNs) of which their dendrites sit close to the breathing medium\cite{Ache_2005}. In case of the model insect Drosophila malanogaster, adult OSNs reside in the third segments of the antennae (main) and in the maxillary palps (accessory)\cite{Vosshall_1999}\cite{Clyne_1999}\cite{Gao_1999}. These olfactory organs have their surface covered with sensilla, the porous thorns housing OSN dendrites embedded in sensillum lymph\cite{Shanbhag_2000}. Odorants pass through the pores and come across the lymph to reach the ORs on the dendrites\cite{R_tzler_2005}. Somata lie below the sensillum base and axons of about 1,200 OSNs gather at the medial axis to exit the organ\cite{Stocker_1994}\cite{Shanbhag_1999}. Most OSNs express one OR where two to four OSNs are found per sensillum\cite{de_Bruyne_2001}\cite{Couto_2005}. When electric signals are measured from the sensillum lymph in a live animal, activities of different OSNs can be distinguished by their characteristic amplitudes as well as the sensitivity to different odorants. This electrophysiological measurement technique, called single-sensillum recording (SSR)\cite{de_Bruyne_2001}\cite{Benton_2011}, has allowed extensive characterizations of OSNs in adult fruit flies\cite{de_Bruyne_2008}.
    In contrast to the neuron-level studies aided by SSR, protein studies of insect ORs have been lagging for two major reasons. First, the ORs are physically sheltered inside tough and slender microstructures. It is challenging to collect and manipulate the OR-bearing tissues especially in large scales for routine experiments. Second, insect ORs have strikingly unconventional attributes. Initially insect ORs were predicted to be G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) because ORs in many other animals have been characterized as standard GPCRs\cite{Ache_2005}. However, as unexpexted features get unveiled, such as no sequence homology with any known protein families\cite{Benton_2015}, the lack of sequence homology among themselves\cite{Nei_2008}, the dependence on a coreceptor\cite{Larsson_2004}, the extracellular C-termini\cite{Benton_2006}\cite{Lundin_2007a}\cite{Smart_2008}, and obvious ionotropic receptor properties\cite{Sato_2008}\cite{Wicher_2008}, the identity of insect ORs has become enigmatic.
    Since deeper understandings of biological phenomina predominantly depends on technical improvements, we aimed at devising a screening platform for protein–protein interactions to aid insect OR studies. The platform especially targets discovering the interactomes from Drosophila adult olfactory organs by utilizing immunoprecipitation-mass spectrometry (IP-MS). IP-MS is a well-established method widely used for proteomic analyses; one outstanding advantage of such method is that a high-tech analytical tool incorporates the classic wet lab experimental technique. We chose Orco, one of the insect OR family protein exclusively expressed in insect OSNs, to come up with the first insect olfactory protein interactome.
    Orco is the most fascinating member of the insect OR family. Unlike other members that elicit odor-evoked responses, Orco does not respond to natural odorants but functions as a ubiquitous coreceptor of other ORs\cite{Jones_2011}. Most impressively, Orco shows a remarkable conservation within many insect species to the extent where the Orco homologs from other insects (different genuses) can rescue the Orco null phenotype in _Drosophila melanogaster_\cite{Jones_2005}. In an average OSN, Orco forms a heteromultimeric protein complex with the coexpressed OR in unknown stoichiometry\cite{Neuhaus_2004}\cite{Benton_2006}\cite{Benton_2015}, and without Orco, OR protein localization is disrupted resulting in non-responsive OSNs\cite{Larsson_2004}\cite{Bahk_2016}. Consequently, Orco null mutants lose their regular olfactory behavior, yet they develop and reproduce normally in laboratory conditions\cite{Larsson_2004}. 
    Orco is not just an appealing target but also an advantageous option for our purpose. Above all, the Orco interactome can clue whether the IP-MS result is toward the right direction, because the notion that Orco forms a heteromultimeric ligand-gated channel complex with ORs is supported by several different methods\cite{Larsson_2004}\cite{Neuhaus_2004}\cite{Benton_2006}\cite{Nakagawa_2012}\cite{Hopf_2015}. Since we do not have any other positive controls, we let the known heteromultimerization serve as a guide. Also, as Orco is expressed in nearly all OSNs\cite{Larsson_2004}, which means the hints about its interactome can imply some of the core molecular mechanisms for a general OSN as well as an average OR. 
    In order to establish a coherent screening platform, we isolated Orco along with its putative binding partners from adult _Drosophila melanogaster_ tissues. The interactome was obtained using IP-MS and the known binding partners and SSR validated the outcome. Overall, a series of steps including tissue enrichment, IP-MS, and data validation together makes up an economic screening platform for putative protein–protein interactions of insect ORs. We anticipate the platform to promote insect OR protein studies and hope that further evaluations of the candidate Orco-binding proteins to bridge the gaps between theories.