# Results

## Tissue enrichment, protein solubilization, and co-immunoprecipitation
The major advancement was achieved by protein solubilization from the native tissues. The dendrite is a compartmentalized portion of a neuron resembling cilia \cite{Satir_2010}, and the protein-protein interactions in such environment cannot be represented by any current heterologous expression systems, especially when the cell’s functionality relies on a key protein which is not conserved in other animals. Concerning this fact, we decided to use native tissues lysates for our protein-protein interaction experiments of Orco.

Applying classic molecular biology tools rarely happened for studying ORs from tissues. Although IRs have been isolated from the olfactory tissues \cite{Ai_2013}, we have developed our own protocol to extract 7TM proteins as well as to speed up the procedure (Supplementary Fig. S1). Initially several antibodies against Orco and a few ORs were tested on western blotting, but all tested antibodies failed to stably detect the desired proteins (Data not shown). To solve the detection problem, we decided to use the EGFP-tagged version of Orco (See Methods) for the following experiments.

Since Orco is exclusively expressed in the antennae and the maxillary palps \cite{Larsson_2004}, we utilized a homemade sieve to routinely collect antenna-sized small tissues (Supplementary Fig. S1). As a result, Orco was successfully enriched in the tissue lysate (Fig. 1A) and this method of tissue collection had been used in all of the following experiments. Next, we explored nine commonly-used laboratory detergents to find the best lysis buffer condition for the sieved tissues (Fig. 1B). In a previous report \cite{Carraher_2013}, seven out of the nine tested detergents were tested to solubilize Orco from Sf9 cells and DDM, SDS, and Zwittergent 3-16 successfully solubilized Orco. However, EGFP-tagged Orco from the native tissues showed different solubility to the seven detergents (Fig. 1B). DDM, one of the best detergents for mass spectrometric studies, was chosen for further examinations. We show that other EGFP-tagged 7TM proteins (Or47a and Gr21a) solubilized in DDM can be detected the same way as EGFP::Orco to confirm that our solubilization technique can be universally applied to any antennal 7TM proteins (Fig. 1C). Different antibodies against the tags were tested and it confirmed that the signals are indeed the desired proteins (Supplementary Fig. S2 **being completed**).

## The IP-MS result and protein selection
To perform IP-MS, we prepared a control fly line expressing membrane-tethered (myristoylated) GFP in Orco-positive cells (See Methods). Although the control and the experimental lines showed different expression levels (Fig. 1D), the expression levels in flies were not optimized because matching the expression levels in animals was expected to take a long time and any time-consuming process was against the theme of our method. The in vivo verification using SSR could compensate the expression level issue and confirm the functionality of each protein at the same time. From numerous trials using thermal, acidic, and standard urea elutions (Fig. 1D and Supplementary Fig. S3), we noticed that the amount of the IP product compared to the input material is unusually minute. Since the non-bound portion contained almost no bait proteins, we decided to perform on-bead digestion (See Methods) assuming that the bait proteins tend to linger on the beads in all elution conditions tested. The result was successful, with Orco hitting the top in the list (Supplementary Table S4).

We expected that the native bait-prey complexes would somewhat dissociate over the course of tissue lysate preparation and re-assemble during IP. In other words, our method was not designed to present the exact in vivo interactome while it assures the prey proteins provided from the protein’s innate environment. For this reason, proteins from the IP-MS raw data for electrophysiological verification were picked out with high stringency. Primary selection was made with the control-to-experimental iBAQ ratios of proteins, where proteins less than 10 in this value were ignored. Number 10 was decided subjectively considering the difference in the expression level on western blots (Fig. 1D), and the iBAQ value ratio of the tag proteins (Supplementary Table S4). We avoided utilizing iBAQ values beyond this purpose because, as mentioned above, the in vivo expression levels of fly lines were not optimized. The resulting list contained 225 prey proteins after eliminating proteins with MS/MS value (spectral counts) 0 (Supplementary Table S4), and we decided to narrow down the range for electrophysiological verification according to the MS/MS value ranks. Although MS/MS values may not reflect the accurate quantification of in vivo interactions, we thought it is useful for setting an arbitrary range. The top 30 proteins selected for the live-animal SSR is shown in Table 1.

## In vivo electrophysiology
Lastly, to verify the in vitro results in vivo, each protein from Table 1 was knocked down in individual flies using Orco-GAL4 and UAS-RNAi, and 12-day-old males and females were used for the live-animal SSR. Cyt-b ranked at 21 was skipped as it had no publicly available fly line and eventually we tested the knockdown effects of 29 proteins. We assumed that any effect caused by the disruption of Orco function would be apparent in all OSNs, therefore the changes of the A neuron (expressing Or59b) activities from antennal basiconic 2 (ab2) sensilla were checked with methyl acetate (MA) as a representative measure. Within a 4-second interval, changes in spontaneous activities and odor-evoked responses were observed (Fig. 2 and 3, Supplementary Fig. S5 and S6). The odorant was applied for 0.5 second and the neuronal activities were recorded for four seconds, starting from two seconds ahead the odorant application (Fig. 2 and 3). Out of the 29 tested RNAi lines, none showed increased odor-evoked responses, eight showed decreased odor-evoked responses (Fig. 2A), two showed decreased spontaneous activities in addition to decreased odor-evoked responses (Fig. 3), and 21 showed no notable changes (Supplementary Fig. S5 and S6). For several random proteins, additional RNAi or mutant lines were checked to confirm the SSR results (Supplementary Fig. S7).

Odor-evoked responses showed clear difference between ones with change and others without change (Fig. 2A and Supplementary Fig. S5) while spontaneous activities in few experimental sets showed unequal statistical significance between the GAL4 and the UAS control lines (Fig. 3B and Supplementary Fig. S6). The irregularity is not correlated with the background genotype of the UAS-RNAi lines; the depth of the recording electrode or the health of the particular OSNs could have been reflected in the result. Two proteins showed decreased spontaneous activities to both control lines are shown in Fig. 3. Especially, the impact of Rab5-RNAi was so serious that we had to use a different kind of measurement to visualize the raw data (Fig. 2B and 3, See Methods). Roughly 18.3% of the sensilla were showing no signal (Fig. 2B), and even the sensilla with active OSNs showed visibly low frequency of spontaneous activities.