### Tissue enrichment and protein solubilization
    In order to obtain the Orco interactome from the natural context, tissue collection was the first issue to manage. Since Orco is predominantly expressed in insect OSNs, it was necessary to enrich as much OSNs as possible in the tissue source. As Orco localize to the dendrites and soma\cite{Larsson_2004}, a practical solution was to collect the olfactory organs. At this point we faced the long-time challenge about collecting the Drosophila olfactory organs in large amounts. The options on hand were either collecting the organs manually under the microscope or using the commercial laboratory mini-sieve set. However, when we tested above options, manual tissue collection consumed tremendous time and using the commercial sieve led to inefficient labor caused by substantial tissue loss. Neither method was apt for our purpose because establishing a reliable platform likely demands numerous trials involving massive amounts of tissue inputs. To make the tissue collection step less exhaustive, we developed an alternative method utilizing a new kind of sieve (Fig. 1a). The home-made sieve has a metal mesh glued between two standard 50-mL conical tube caps with holes, where the customized sieve and two tubes make up a sieving gadget. 10- to 20-mL adult flies are collected in a conical tube and frozen at -80 °C with the gadget assembled. Shaking the entire gadget after completely frosting the flies allows small body parts to break apart from bodies and fall into the opposite tube. Our new method achieves collecting OSN-rich tissues in a simple, efficient way compared to the conventional methods. The Orco protein being concentrated upon using the new method is visualized in Figure 2. When body, head, and sieved tissue lysates of equal total protein levels were compared, an obvious increase of Orco is observed on immunoblots. It shows that our tissue collection method effectively enriches Orco, and likely other olfactory proteins.
    The sieved tissues are promptly aliquoted and ground as the OSNs are broken at axons upon sieving (Fig. 1a). Note that small body parts have a high ratio of cuticles (the exoskeleton) to tissues in a given volume. In particular, the sensory neuron dendrites are enclosed in tiny cylindrical structures, making it challenging to liberate the tissues inside. A handy option was to use the widely used motored mortar-pestle homogenizer, but we found that for each trial, the tool solubilizes deviating amount of total proteins from the same mass of sieved tissues (Supplementary Table S1). Grinding the tissues with metal beads resulted in much stable total protein levels (Supplementary Table S1). For this reason we adopted the bead homogenization method where tissues and beads are vigorously shaken together in a microcentrifuge tube to tear up the cuticles (Fig. 1a, see Methods). 
    Total protein is immediately solubilized after tissue grinding (Fig. 1b). Since the native Orco protein failed to be detected on immunoblots in any of the tested conditions (data not shown), we decided to use the EGFP-tagged version of Orco (EGFP::Orco)\cite{Benton_2006}, previously published and confirmed functional in live animals. EGFP::Orco was expressed under Orco-GAL4 in Orco null mutant background to prevent competing for binding partners with the native Orco protein. Several laboratory detergents were tested for the optimal lysis buffer solubilizing EGFP::Orco in this condition. EGFP::Orco showed adequate solubilities for all tested detergents except Tween 20, CHAPS, CHAPSO  (Supplementary Fig. S2). We chose n-Dodecyl β-D-maltoside (DDM), a mass spectrometry-favorable detergent, to be used at 1% (w/v) for the rest of the experiments. It was previously shown to solubilize Orco from recombinant expression systems\cite{Carraher_2013}. The clear solution (without tissue debris or wax) containing the solubilized proteins is used for further experiments such as immunoprecipitation (IP) or immunoblotting (IB) (Fig. 1b). Note that EGFP::Orco shows some curious temperature sensitivity during sample preparation, likely caused by its hydrophobicity. Tissues frozen with liquid nitrogen throughout grinding did not stably liberate EGFP::Orco into detergent solutions (Supplementary Fig. S3). The wax (the waterproofing layer covering cuticles) might have hardened with the hydrophopic portions of cells at low temperature. Pellets were re-solubilized to check the unsolubilized proteins (Fig. 1b, Supplementary Fig. S3). In addition, detergent-solubilized EGFP::Orco failed to be immunoblotted when heated at high temperatures (Supplementary Fig. S4). The phenomenon is typical to membrane proteins\cite{Lee_2005} and there has been an improved protocol\cite{Kaur_2009}, however, in case of EGFP::Orco, reproducible immunoblots were observed only when the samples were heated with agitation (see Methods). 
    
### Immunoprecipitation-mass spectrometry
    IP was carried out instantly following total protein solubilization. To sort out non-specific proteins bound to the bulky EGFP tag on Orco, we immunoprecipitated myristoylated GFP (myr::GFP)[10.1534/genetics.110.119917 \cite{Pfeiffer_2010}] along with EGFP::Orco (see Methods). Note that the expression levels of EGFP::Orco and myr::GFP did not match in the condition we set up (Supplementary Fig. S5). Although the situation was not ideal, the myr::GFP-bound proteins were still considered as the negative control. IP was performed against the tags with the GFP-recognizing nanobody (the variable domain of the Camelidae heavy chain antibody) coupled to agarose beads (see Methods). 
    Liquid chromatography (LC)-tandem MS (MS/MS) analysis was performed using EASY-nLC 1000 coupled to Q-Exactive mass spectrometer to identify the immunoprecipitated proteins. Attaining an analyzable dataset involved trials and errors. One noteworthy failure happened with the conventional urea elution for IP-MS, where the bait protein (Orco) failed to show up within the expected ranking among the identified proteins (data not shown). We reasoned that the interactions between epitopes (on the tags) and paratopes (on the bead-conjugated nanobodies) are so strong that the bait protein could not be detached by standard elution protocols. Alternative strategies such as acidic or thermal elution were tested but not used as anti-GFP immunobloting of the eluates did not show constancy (data not shown). To safely reflect the bound proteins in the identified interactome, we went on for on-bead trypsin digestion[10.3390/biology3020320 \cite{Turriziani_2014}]. The bead-conjugated nanobodies used for IP provided minor risks of overwhelming the identified proteins with antibodies for their small size (see Methods). A reliable dataset was acquired on the fifth IP-MS trial (raw data link?) of which the validity is explained below.
    
### Data processing and analysis
    The raw data was searched using MaxQuant against the Uniprot Drosophila database (see Methods). Since the data was obtained using the “messy” tissue samples, we decided rule out possible false positives strictly. From the initial list of 1,213 identified proteins, those with zero spectral counts were first excluded from further considerations. Then, from the experimental group, proteins with zero iBAQ values in any of the technical replicate were eliminated. When the remaining 753 proteins were ranked by experimental to control iBAQ value ratio, 145 proteins were found to have infinity values for having no signal in the control samples. The final list of 145 proteins, named List A, could be postulated as the primary screening candidates for Orco-binding proteins (Table 1 and Supplementary Table S6). All the olfactory proteins showed up in List A (Orco, Or92a, and Obp51a), indicating that List A likely consists of other binding partners of Orco. It was quite unexpected that we could only immunoprecipitate one OR out of around 40 adult ORs[10.1016/j.cub.2005.07.034 \cite{Couto_2005}]. Meanwhile, the single identified OR being Or92a was not surprising for its rich expression in the antenna compared to other ORs[10.1016/j.cub.2005.07.066 \cite{Fishilevich_2005}][10.1016/j.cub.2005.07.034 \cite{Couto_2005}][10.1371/journal.pbio.1001280 \cite{Jafari_2012}] as well as the abundance of the sensillum containing the Or92a-positive OSN (antennal basiconic 1) [10.1007/BF00305372 \cite{Stocker_1994}][10.1016/S0020-7322(99)00039-2 \cite{Shanbhag_1999}]. Other than the olfactory proteins, numerous uncharacterized proteins without designated names (the “CG proteins”) was evident. There were 49 (33.8%) uncharacterized proteins, however, the number closely matched the portion (33.7%) in the soluble proteome of Drosophila antenna [10.1093/chemse/bjp073 \cite{Anholt_2009}], convincing that the large number is not abrupt. Proteins with names were searched for their subcellular locations where comprehensively there were ?? (??%) extracellular proteins and ?? (??%) intracellular proteins. Among the proteins located in the cell, ?? (??%) were soluble while ?? (??%) were membrane-associated. Putative localizations of membrane proteins appeared to be ?? (??%) on the plasma membrane, ?? (??%) on the endomembrane system, and the rest (??%) on miscellaneous organellar membranes such as lysosomes. Interestingly, a curious number (??, ??%) of mitochondrial proteins were identified, most of them probably bound to the excess bait proteins clinging to ER, caused by overexpression. ?? (??%) proteins seems to localize to the the dendrites, meaning that they have higher chance for interacting with functional Orco. 
    Regarding that the negative control data was generated with myr::GFP having lower expression than EGFP::Orco, we decided to take some of the excluded proteins into account. Out of the 608 (excluding List A from the 753), the top 100 proteins ranked by the experimental to control iBAQ value ratio was denoted as List B (Table 1 and Supplementary Table S7). Since there were no known olfactory proteins in List B, we had to validate whether it consists of putative binding partners with alternative methods. Two obvious functions of Orco are aiding the dendritic localization of ORs and maintaining the responsiveness of OSNs [10.1016/j.neuron.2004.08.019 \cite{Larsson_2004}]. Assuming that the binding partners affect either of these functions, we decided to see if any of the proteins can affect the odor-evoked responses (mediated by OrX-Orco protein complex) of OSNs. we randomly selected 17 proteins, knocked down their expression in live animals, and recorded OSN activities with SSR (see Methods). None showed increased activities, six showed significantly decreased activities (Fig. 3), and eleven showed no change (Supplementary Fig. S8). As the knock-down of the proteins in List B resulted in decreased odor-evoked activities, implying possible functional impairment of the Orco-binding proteins, loosening the screening candidates may be beneficial for inevitable experimental setups involving unequal bait expressions. Analysis on the subcellular locations of proteins in List B consisted of: ?? (??%) in the extracellular space, ?? (??%) in the cell, ?? (??%) in the cytosol, ?? (??%) on the membranes, ?? (??%) associated with mitochondria, and ?? (??%) in the dendritic compartment.